# Team Dynamics
The group strived to improve the fact-driven conflict by making a rule so that whenever each member makes an idea, the other group member has to sit down and take at least 15 minutes to think of a counter for that idea. If they are unsuccessful in thinking of a counter, the idea stands, and if they do think of a counter, they should take another 15 minutes to think of a separate or improved idea that reflects the reasoning for their counter. This has been very helpful since the team trusts one another and believes that both group members are competent. However, this method brings out the test of a different perspective. While something may seem like a good idea, when you have been working on it for a while, you get tunnel vision, and it takes a set of fresh eyes to look at them to see the flaws.

# Peer Feedback
The reason student may have rated themselves higher than their peers rated them on that competency of Emphasizing High Standards
and Focus is because sometimes it may seem like you have placed your standards somewhere and you are frustrated with a task, but it may not seem like it. This stems from people having different work ethics and methods to achieve their tasks. A simple solution to this that the group can individually do is communication. What a lot of people do understand is a lot of problems can be solved by communicating your thoughts, mindsets, and reasonings to one another. Knowing what someone is thinking and the reasons for their actions will make them seem much more reasonable and justified, and you can better understand why they do some of the things they do. Some methods for more communication can include scheduled meetings to check in on what each group member is doing and how or why they plan on doing it.

https://onq.queensu.ca/d2l/le/content/806768/viewContent/5349714/View  